Add `server` to glossary (#5805)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/development/glossary.md

    <td></td>
    <td> / Phrase de passe</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Server / Serveur</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>

>       The server is the application hosted on a remote server the clients will try to connect to.

Reviewer: What about something like this?
```suggestion
      The Parsec server is the application hosted on a remote server interacting with the S3 data storage and the metadata PostgreSQL database.
```

Author: ```suggestion
      The Parsec server is the application hosted on a remote computer interacting with the S3 data storage and the metadata PostgreSQL database.
```
